PORT-10984 Add “synced webhook + secrets” implementation method to relevant guides (#1741)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/change-status-and-assignee-of-jira-ticket.md

            "jira_user": {
              "type": "string",
              "title": "Jira user",
              "description": "Select the Jira user to assign the ticket to",
              "blueprint": "jiraUser",
              "format": "entity"
            }
          },
          "required": [
            "jira_user"
          ],
          "order": [
            "jira_user"
          ]
        },
        "blueprintIdentifier": "jiraIssue"
      },
      "invocationMethod": {
        "type": "WEBHOOK",
        "url": "https://<JIRA_ORGANIZATION_URL>/rest/api/3/issue/{{.entity.identifier}}/assignee",
        "agent": false,
        "synchronized": true,
        "method": "PUT",
        "headers": {
          "Authorization": "Basic {{.secrets.JIRA_AUTH}}",
          "Content-Type": "application/json"
        },
        "body": {
          "accountId": "{{.inputs.jira_user.identifier}}"
        }
      },
      "requiredApproval": false
    }
    ```

    </details>

6. Click `Save` for each action.

Now you should see both the `Change Jira ticket status` and `Change Jira ticket assignee` actions in the self-service page. 🎉

:::tip Configure your Jira url and status values

> Replace `<JIRA_ORGANIZATION_URL>` in the webhook URL with your Jira organization URL (e.g., `doeness.atlassian.net`).
> 
> Ensure the status names are mapped to Jira transition IDs as done in our example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `<JIRA_ORGANIZATION_URL>` in the webhook URL with your Jira organization URL (e.g., `example.atlassian.net`).

Ensure the status names are mapped to Jira transition IDs as done in the action definitions above:
```

        },
        "body": {
          "accountId": "{{.inputs.jira_user.identifier}}"
        }
      },
      "requiredApproval": false
    }
    ```

    </details>

6. Click `Save` for each action.

Now you should see both the `Change Jira ticket status` and `Change Jira ticket assignee` actions in the self-service page. 🎉

:::tip Configure your Jira url and status values
Replace `<JIRA_ORGANIZATION_URL>` in the webhook URL with your Jira organization URL (e.g., `example.atlassian.net`).

Ensure the status names are mapped to Jira transition IDs as done in the action definitions above:
- "To Do" → 11
- "In Progress" → 21
- "Done" → 31
- "Code Review" → 41
- "Product Review" → 51
- "Waiting For Prod" → 61

Make sure to update these mappings to match your Jira workflow's transition IDs. You can find your workflow's transition IDs by calling:
```bash
curl -X GET "https://example.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/issue/{issueKey}/transitions" \
  -H "Authorization: Basic $JIRA_AUTH" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json"
```

The response will contain an array of transitions, each with an `id` and a `name` that you can use in your configuration.
:::

## Let's test it!

> 1. Head to the [Self Service hub](https://app.getport.io/self-serve)

Reviewer: see comment in the same place in the acknowledge incident guide
